Update README (#22)
google/fhir-app-examples: README.md

          "mode": "working",
          "entry": [
             {
                "item": {
                "reference": "Patient/'"${PATIENT_ID1}"'"
                }
             },
             {
                "item": {
                "reference": "Patient/'"${PATIENT_ID2}"'"
                }
             }
          ]
       }'
    ```

    This creates a [FHIR List](https://www.hl7.org/fhir/list.html) on the
    server with the id `patient-list-example`, which we will use as an
    access control list. It contains references to `Patient/4765` and
    `Patient/4767` which the user is allowed to access.

4.  Follow the instructions to set up a [single-machine analytics
    pipeline](https://github.com/google/fhir-data-pipes/wiki/Analytics-on-a-single-machine-using-Docker).
    This Docker image includes the [FHIR Pipelines
    Controller](https://github.com/google/fhir-data-pipes/wiki/Try-out-the-FHIR-Pipelines-Controller)
    plus a Spark Thrift server where data is ultimately loaded for querying.

5.  In a web browser, visit [http://localhost:8090](http://localhost:8090)
    to see the FHIR Pipelines Controller UI.

## IDP and Info Gateway setup

> 1.  Clone the FHIR Access Proxy repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Clone the FHIR Info Gateway repo:
```

    sets up a Keycloak instance that can support both a list-based access
    control and a single-patient based SMART-on-FHIR app (in two separate
    realms).

    The `keycloak-config` image is built using the Dockerfile
    [here](https://github.com/google/fhir-gateway/blob/main/docker/keycloak/Dockerfile).
    A key component of the Dockerfile is the
    [keycloak_setup.sh](https://github.com/google/fhir-gateway/blob/main/docker/keycloak/keycloak_setup.sh).
    There are two points of interest in this script: the first is
    [this](https://github.com/google/fhir-gateway/blob/main/docker/keycloak/keycloak_setup.sh#L78-L83),
    which creates a client that authenticated users can act as, and
    [here](https://github.com/google/fhir-gateway/blob/main/docker/keycloak/keycloak_setup.sh#L101-L105)
    where we create a user that binds the `patient-list-example` value to the
    `patient_list` claim field that is part of the JWT access token. The default
    username and password used for the user are from the 
    [env file](https://github.com/google/fhir-gateway/blob/main/docker/keycloak/.env).

> 3.  Start the FHIR Access Proxy. From the fhir-gateway directory, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Start the FHIR Info Gateway. From the fhir-gateway directory, run:
```

    ```shell
    docker run --rm --network host \
      -e TOKEN_ISSUER="http://localhost:9080/auth/realms/test" \
      -e PROXY_TO="http://localhost:8091/fhir" \
      -e BACKEND_TYPE="HAPI" \
      -e RUN_MODE="DEV" \
      -e ACCESS_CHECKER=list \
      -e ALLOWED_QUERIES_FILE="resources/hapi_page_url_allowed_queries.json" \
      us-docker.pkg.dev/fhir-proxy-build/stable/fhir-gateway:latest
    ```

    This brings up a FHIR Info Gateway, connected to the HAPI FHIR server.
    The `TOKEN_ISSUER` variable is the IP of the Keycloak IDP from the
    previous step, and the `PROXY_TO` variable is the IP of the FHIR server. As

>     we are running the `TOKEN_ISSUER` and FHIR Access Proxy on the same machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    we are running the `TOKEN_ISSUER` and FHIR Info Gateway on the same machine
```

    **WARNING**: Never use `RUN_MODE=DEV` in a production environment.

>     Part of setting up the FHIR Access Proxy is choosing the type of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Part of setting up the FHIR Info Gateway is choosing the type of
```
